Add documentation about shutdown (#184)
scylladb-zpp-2024-javascript-driver/scylladb-javascript-driver: docs/src/shutdown.md

# Shutdown

It is not possible to explicitly close connection to the database.
Given connection is closed, when the client varriable assosiated with this connection,

> is collected by the garbage collector.

Reviewer: :wrench:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connection is closed when the client variable associated with this connection is collected by the garbage collector.
```

Reviewer: Please be aware of the distinction that defining vs non-defining clauses present.

https://diposit.ub.edu/dspace/bitstream/2445/180172/9/U3_Relative%20clauses_JITT.pdf

> is collected by the garbage collector.

Reviewer: :question: Isn't this self-contradictory? If only Node JS supports explicit deallocation...

Ah, I understood. Even though removal of references to the object is explicit, the actual GC run that frees objects that have no active references to is implicit. Maybe let's add this explanation to the docs?

In the DataStax NodeJS driver, it is possible to explicitly close the connection to the database.

> In contrast, the ScyllaDB Rust driver, which this driver relies uppon,

Reviewer: :wrench:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, the ScyllaDB Rust driver, which this driver relies upon,
```

shuts down the connection when the value representing given session is dropped.

## client.shutdown()

To maintain compatibility with the DataStax driver API, it's possible to call ``shutdown`` on a given client.
This endpoint is marked as deprecated and may be removed in the future. Currently the only functinality,
it provides is preventing execution of any new queries with the given client. It does **not** close connection

> to the database or dealocate and strucutres related to that connection or stops any currently executing queries.

Reviewer: :wrench:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is marked as deprecated and may be removed in the future. Currently the only functinality
it provides is preventing execution of any new queries with the given client. It does **not** close connection
to the database nor dealocate any structures related to that connection nor stop any queries being currently executed.
```

# Shutdown

It is not possible to explicitly close connection to the database.
A connection is closed when the client variable associated with this connection is collected by the garbage collector.  
Even though removal of references to the object is explicit,
the actual GC run that frees objects that have no active references to is implicit.

In the DataStax NodeJS driver, it is possible to explicitly close the connection to the database.
In contrast, the ScyllaDB Rust driver, which this driver relies upon,
shuts down the connection when the value representing given session is dropped.

## client.shutdown()

To maintain compatibility with the DataStax driver API, it's possible to call ``shutdown`` on a given client.

> This endpoint is marked as deprecated and may be removed in the future. Currently the only functinality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint is marked as deprecated and may be removed in the future. Currently the only functionality
```
